Some useful help notes for SongbookMgr:

1. Songs in the main songbook can be sorted by names/singer names in either ascending or descending order. Song/Singer names can also be searched by typing search string in the search box. The search string is not case sensitive. An empty search string in the search box will result in the full song list being displayed again (or press the SongbookMgr icon in the main songbook display will also display the full songbook in ascending sort order.)

* New search features:
|a    Search for songs begin with 'A' or 'a' inclusively
|a-b  Search for songs that begin with 'A' or 'a' to 'B' or 'b' inclusively.
|a-   Search for songs that begin with 'A' or 'a' to the end of the list
|-a   Search for songs from the begining of the list to 'A' or 'a' inclusively.

* Enable searching with diacritics removed from main songbook (Vietnamese language) to enable search to match all Vietnamese token from English search text.
 
2. Long-press song entry in the main or favorite songbook view will bring up the quick action menu where you can insert the current song into TKaraoke playlist, Favorite songbook. Some remote control features are also included in this quick action menu for convenience.

3. Songbook can be imported into SongbookMgr from TKaraoke by selecting Generate Song Catalog from its Tools menu. The file can then be copied over to your Android device SD card. The file can be anywhere on the SD card, but it is recommended that it resides in the TKSongIndex directory as SongbookMgr use this directory as its home directory. I normally email myself a copy of this file, then check the mail on my phone and download the attachment to my phone before opening it with SongbookMgr. TKaraoke normally defauts to generating the song catalog with the format %number%---%song%(%singer%)---%lyric% which is fine if your songs don't use parentheses in their names. If your song names has "()" in them, you should use %number%---%song%<%singer%>---%lyric% when generating the song catalog. When importing the songbook into SongbookMgr, specify "<>" as the delimiters for the song columns. Please note that the file must have extension ".txt" to be valid. SongbookMgr is shipped a songbook of 100 songs for testing purpose. With version 1.2.00 or later, the songbook catalog can also be automatically exported to SongbookMgr via sbConnectionMgr server program on the PC. After the songbook catalog is generated by TKaraoke, the songbook catalog name is registered in sbConnectionMgr (one time setup on the server side) Once registration is completed, SongbookMgr will receive the catalog automatically during songbook import.

4. You can backup the songbook database and email them to your friends at the party so that they can load it into their phone for use at the party. I have found that this method is a lot more convenient and much faster than distributing songbook in text format. Another neat trick with songbook backup/restore feature is to have several songbook databases in your devices and select the one that is used at the host party. Please note that main songbook database are stored with the file extension ".db".

5. Favorite songbook is a songbook that has all your favorite songs. The songs are added to this book by long-pressing a song in the main songbook display then touching "Add Fav" button. Another feature of the favorite songbook is that every time you queue up a song, the song is grayed out to let you keep track of the songs that had been played. You can un-dim selection or all (from menu) to put the songs back in their normal states. Just as with the main songbook, the favorite songbooks can be backed up/restored/emailed. I normally maintain one favorite songbook for me and one for my wife. One thing to keep in mind is that the song number stored in the favorite books are tied to the current main songbook that is being use. If you switch the main songbook to a different one, the favorite songbook is no longer correct. You may need to maintain several favorite songbooks named in a way that you can refer them to the main songbooks that created them, then reload the correct favorite book when switching to new main songbook. Please note that favorite songbook databases are stored with the file extension ".dbf" to distinguish them from the main songbook databases. Favorite songbooks can be now created when needed and removed when not needed. Their contents can also be backed to various books and restored into different Favorite Songbook tabs.

6. Multi-Select is now implemented on the main and favorite songbooks. Multi-Select enables a block of songs to be quickly inserted to the playist/favorite book/delete/undim/switch-track. To use Multi-Select, one needs to either select Multi-Select from the menu then touch 2 different song entries or to touch 2 song entries then select Multi-Select from the menu. A block of songs will be high-lighted. Long-press any of the songs to activate the action to be done for that group of songs. 

7. In order to remote controlling TKaraoke from your device, your karaoke PC must be connected to an intranet and has a wireless access point. I was hoping to correctly communicate with TKaraoke software through a network port, but I could not get the API specifications so I wrote a little server program on the PC side called "sbConnectionMgr" to generate the neccessary keystokes and shortcuts to TKaraoke. sbConnectionMgr can also export TKaraoke Songbook catalog to SongbookMgr dynamically. The server is running on the computer that Tkaraoke softare runs. It is listening at port # 9000. Connection can be tested during network setup configuration by clicking on "Checking server for Connectivity." This test will report the result of connectivity with sbConnectionMgr. If the connection is correctly set up, TKaraoke will start playing the songs when selected from the main/favorite songbooks.

8. If VNC is used on the media server as song ID key generator, TKaraoke video screen may flash (or flicker) when Songbook Manager enters song ID number via VNC. If your computer screen is flashing, set the Update Method in VNC Options/Expert mode to 1 to fix it.

9. Songbook Manager now supports TKaraoke Pro 5 digit song ID feature. To use the 5 digit song ID feature, one needs to go to the configuration screen and check the "Use 5 Digit Song ID" box.
 
I would appreciate hearing from you about your experience in using SongbookMgr with TKaraoke software. Let the music play and have a lot of fun...

Danh Le
DanhKE6D@gmail.com

